[Music]
Darkwing Duck is an incredibly awesome
early 90s cartoon which is just beloved
by every kid who grew up in the 90s
myself included while the actual series
only lasted for about two years they put
out our healthy 90 episodes see the
shows like this that really make me feel
sorry for kids that didn't grow up in
the 90s and I know you could just buy a
box set or just watch the shows on the
internet somewhere now but it's just not
the same thing as actually watching it
when it was on the air as a kid I'm not
really familiar with the cartoons that
are out there for kids to watch in 2013
but if I were to throw out a baseless
assumption I would say there are no way
as good as darkling duck or shows of
this ilk that we grew up with in the 90s
the show itself was made into this video
game you're watching now and this is
curiously a Nintendo game from 1992 it's
a very late entry into the Nintendo
gaming world but it is a good game for
example you could tell it's a later
Nintendo game because it has fantastic
graphics also you might notice some
similarities between this game and the
Mega Man games on the Nintendo and
that's because darking dog basically
uses the same type of engine as the Mega
Man games the dark moon duck is a bunch
of different weapons if the graphics are
almost identical to the Mega Man games
and the actual moving around physics are
very Mega Man ish I would say though the
darkling duck is probably a more casual
version of Mega Man it's not as hard as
some of the Megaman levels and that's
not to say darkwing duck is an easiest
cake game
for little kids there is a challenge in
the game for example the platform's can
be pretty challenging but not too hard
they're challenging but fun a lot of the
really fun platforming really makes you
feel like a superhero like an
anthropomorphic duck Batman if you will
you're jumping from platforms or swaying
from hook to book while you're really
high up in the air and if you fall down
you just fall right to your death it
makes you feel like one of those
acrobatic superheroes with no real
superpowers all you have is your skill
as a ninja the enemies in dark room duck
are also about timing you have to time
yourself perfectly to avoid enemy
projectile attacks or just straight-up
melee attacks while at the same time
being ready to attack the enemy yourself
because a lot of these enemies do need
to be killed in order to progress
through the game you can't just avoid
them but you can avoid some of course if
your timing is impeccable
there's a bunch of different cool level
is a bunch of different cool enemies the
control is just like a Mega Man are
really smooth and the game is overall an
enjoyable experience is it one of the
best side scrollers our all-time well
it's definitely a good side scroller I
wouldn't put it in my top 5 or even in
my top 10 but it is on 90s gem that you
should definitely check out this game is
one of many examples in pop culture
music television movies and gaming that
unequivocally proves that the 90s is in
fact the best decades of all time when
in trouble
you play DW thanks for watching goodbye
my friends
[Music]